cloud: update the step to join a project (#14440)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md

7. After receiving this email, the user needs to click the link in the email to verify the identity, and a new page shows.

> 8. If the invited email address has not been signed up for a TiDB Cloud account, the user is directed to the sign-up page to create an account. If the email address has been signed up for a TiDB Cloud account, the user is directed to the sign-in page, and after sign-in, the account joins the project automatically.

Author: This change reuses the similar content from L177.

> 8. If the invited email address has not been signed up for a TiDB Cloud account, the user is directed to the sign-up page to create an account. If the email address has been signed up for a TiDB Cloud account, the user is directed to the sign-in page, and after sign-in, the account joins the project automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If the invitation email address has not been signed up for a TiDB Cloud account, the user is directed to the sign-up page to create an account. If the email address has been signed up for a TiDB Cloud account, the user is directed to the sign-in page. After sign-in, the account joins the project automatically.
```

Author: 这个 invited email address 是来自前面的步骤里的，可以保留吗

![image](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/assets/79440533/4734e604-b01f-4ffb-b738-6722fadbbd5c)
